What do you think you are doing here?
It's a jerk, see you tomorrow.
八粒山の念記で
Get lost!
On the roof!
The hill, there's a BUT no age,
You are good with the right,
but he is still on the right.
Something's going on here!
What's going on here?
Go on.
What's wrong?
What's that sound?
It's the sound of a stone.
What's that?
The black-haired man told me to be careful.
I was being careful.
The bamboo stick was wrapped around the tiger's head.
The tiger's head was wrapped around the tiger's head.
What's wrong with the black-haired man?
Just dosen't hold back with the sound of a
Go in now and check the entire building.
Let's go.
I want to see it.
Hey, Chr数, wait!
Where is Cozrim?
Where are you going?
I'm going to check the house with persuade A.,
Can I stay here?
Are you overtaking?
Please don't do that.
You can't go out of the station in a hurry.
The bottle will break.
I'm going to drink.
Be quiet and give me the bottle.
Don't make a sound.
Okay.
Hey, hey.
If you go straight to the same place,
you'll hear a noise.
Please don't make a sound.
Give me the bottle.
Don't make a sound.
I'm scared.
What are you doing?
You are so rude.
You put a lot of money in the bottle.
Don't do that.
Hey, hey, Mr. Shonpei.
Come here.
Hurry up.
You can't go yet.
You can't go.
What are you doing?
You won't listen to me.
Come on.
Give me the red one.
I'll give it to you.
Give it to me.
Oh, my God.
Hey, hey.
What are you doing?
I'm scared.
Hey, hey.
Turn around.
Which way are you going?
Where are you going?
You're going to hear the sound of the bottle.
You don't listen to me.
You can't go to the bottle.
If you go straight, you'll enter the house of the
head of the village.
You'll enter the house of the village.
You'll enter the house of the village and
ask the owner to pay half of the money.
You can't do that.
You'll be replaced by a friend of the same name.